Two Doc Bugs (#4564)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/user-guide/vscode-commands.md

![Command palette, filtered to show SFDX commands](./images/sfdx_commands.png)

When a command finishes running (due to success, failure, or cancellation), a notification displays at the top of the window.  

> ![Notification that deleted and expired org were sucessfully removed](./images/command_success_notification.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Notification that deleted and expired orgs were successfully removed](./images/command_success_notification.png)
```
